Raymond's Church, or more commonly just referred to as 'The Church' is a historical religious group first originated near the
the north of the continent. Originally it was praised for its doctrines and methods,  its disciples strive to maintain peace and
'its written scriptures have never been modified since it was written thousands of years ago, only translated'.

The capital city of Raymond's Church, Holy City of Vrando, located in the heart of Elysia (now border of Glysia and Naya)
was always recognized as the safe haven of mankind. The church worships a few different gods, believing that a prophet
is always elected by the Gods in each generation through the wielding of the Globus Cruciger.

The first 'saint', Saint Raymond, first arrived in the continent of Saya some 1000 years ago and set out to carry out Lemos',
God of Mankind, will of establishing order and peace in the land. Legend says that he was gifted the Angelic Sceptre and
went on to perform great miracles. Eventually the kingdom of Zion was established, governed by the fundamental doctrines
 of The Church.

At the peak of its time, it was deemed the one and only true faith in the entire of the continent, for a long time, there
were peace and prosperity. However, with time, the core of the church became corrupt with power. Under the infamous pope
Theodore VI, the church prosecuted all those who stood in its way. The unbelievers are exiled out of the city of Zion by
their own relatives, believing that doing so is the will of the Gods. Theodore VI wanted to establish an ideal 'paradise'
for mankind, and he believes by only cleansing the land of 'impurities' could such a dream be realized. By modifying the
scriptures and aggressively asserting his tyrannical view towards neighboring kingdoms, he was able to convince King
Louis III of Zion to invade its allied kingdoms.

At the time, Zion's allies were responsible for supplying the kingdom food and precious metal. Little did Pope Theodore VI
realize, his actions created a new enemy: The Freedom Coalition. The coalition consisted of almost all of Zion's smaller
allied kingdoms, as they fight to bring freedom of faith (as well as the fall of Zion, since smaller kingdoms often fear
Zion). Dubbed 'The Holy Crusade' by Zionists, Pope Theodor VI sought for unity of faith through chaos and war.
With little food production in the mainlands of Zion, the starving kingdom exhausted its food and metal supplies
in just a few years. Temper began to fray as people questioned the true motivation of 'The Holy Crusade'.

"War doesn't encourage unity, unity won't create a war" was what more and more people realized. During the height of
the battle between Zion and The Freedom Coalition, a revolt also began near the heart of Zion. Groups and groups of
people, enraged by their loss of relatives in the war and the chaos the kingdom started their fight to end their
association with the Church and force the king to surrender in the war. Many officials in the army thought the same,
as further fighting won't change the outcome of the war and would only cause more grief.

As a fatuous king, Loius III was petrified at the sight in front of the palace. His order to surrender was, however, not
executed due to the interference of the pope. Convinced that it is God's will for Zion to conquer the other kingdoms,
Theodore VI desperate summoned the remaining soldiers to fight the group of resistance outside. The mob, consisted
of former soldiers, rebelled soldires and many skilled magicians, rangers and assassins, was enraged by Theodore's decision
(although they don't know who made the decision, only to be furious at the sight). Realising the fall of Zion was immanent,
the remaining royal guards fought till the very end while the pope and the king prepared for his escape. The revolt was
successful and the palace was taken over. Pope Theodore VI was exiled and the main church body dissolved in almost one night.

News spread rapidly across the kingdom. With little chain of command, the frontline quickly surrendered. Zion was then absorbed
by the Freedom Coalition.

Since then, Raymond's Church was not a unified body of faith, but rather in small groups. Pockets of believers would still gather,
worship and enjoy a communion. However, this traumatizing event left a bad reputation for the rest of the church's existence.
Few faithful ones still exist, and their actions are still indeed praised by the public.

Prior to the establishment of the Elysian kingdom a few hundred years ago, the (slowly increasing) small bodies of Raymond's Church
gathered together once more. Admitting the shame and condemning Theodore VI, the church sought to redeem its bad reputation.
The pope system was abolished as they could not afford another mistake like Theodore VI and now a holy saint is appointed through
a church ceremonial event every twenty years (or until the current saint's death).

   >  THE DARK SECRET OF THE CHURCH

    The Worshipped Gods are:

        GOD NAME    = HONOR
        Lemos       - God of Mankind            (mon2: 4,3)
        Ether       - God of Blessings          (mon2: 4,4)
        Zaggurat    - God of Evil and Death     (mon2: 5,3)
        Erion       - God of Love and Romance   (mon2: 6,3)
        Zaggi       - God of Serenity           (mon2: 5,4)
        Krom        - God of Prophecy           (mon2: 5,5)
        Aesis       - God of Knowledge          (mon2: 3,3)
        Lydione     - Goddess of Hatred         (mon2: 4,5)

    The angelic item set are items of great arcane power harnessing the power of the souls of mankind.
    Like how a philosophers stone is crafted, the angelic items draws power from countless sacrificed human souls
    crystalized in the form of a stunning aqua jewel, metal or other form of ornament.

    These gods reside in the Eerie Void in the form of mutant monsters. Upon entering the supposed 'godly realms',
    the light created by the dimension portal cause pain in the God's (as they are stimulated by white light), and
    sharp screams echoes through the corridors. The gods reside in pits, and is truly a horrific view.

    Raymond was not a holy saint, but a communicator of one of these gods. He himself had not witnessed the true form of these gods.
    The gods are not officially honored, it is but a fake simulacrum fabricated by Raymond. Although he is a man with good intentions,
    he stained his hands in the will of doing so and ultimately brainwashed his believers using the magic of the angelic item set.

    Raymond also created the angelic item set, sacrificing an entire large city of people, scripture describes it as 'the city was elevated into
    the godly realms'.