The Twilight Order (The Order for short) is a group of highly skilled and deadly assassins founded by the Naya Kingdom after the
division of Elysia. Originally founded with the purpose of assassinating Glysian officials, it evolved into a group that
would kill all of those who stands in King Pegasus' way.

Originally established by King Pegasus, a royal official, Kris, was assigned the position of the leader. There were
4 initial, functional members of the group who would do the murderous deeds (excluding Kris). 'Z' was one of them.
The initial war between Glysia and Naya did not progress in according to King Pegasus' favor, and a large portion of the blame
were passed onto The Order.

Stress caught on quickly and Kris soon found himself cornered by Pegasus and 'Z', who also insisted that he is not capable of
leading The Order. Under Kris' leadership, assassination attempts were few, not to mention successful ones. Many targets
are not of critical importance, as Kris prefers defensive tactics than risky ones.

Furious, Pegasus withdrew Kris from the position of leader of The Order, and commanded that the assassin with the most
war-effort, Z (who had slain Micah, one of Pegasus' worst fears), to be in charge of The Order. Initially, Kris was going to be
assigned to another less important role in the army as he is part of the royal family. However, he was soon executed due to
'Z's negotiation with Pegasus, as Kris knew too much about the identity and motivation of The Order to be kept alive.

Under 'Z's leadership, The Twilight Order became a name to be feared of. Unbeknown to the public of their identities, nor their
true intentions, it was able to control the people (and officials) of Naya to great effect. Assassinations were frequent,
both Glysian and Nayan targets. King Pegasus became over reliant on The Order, transforming the group into a tool that could
silence his oppressors.

In Glysia, Twilight Order is a name spoken of by officials almost every day. Edward assembled intelligence services in an
attempt to study the assassination cases, and to reveal the identities of these people. Alas, they weren't successful.
High officials in Glysia are well armed with the kingdom's greatest wizards and elite guards, to prevent any attempts of
assassination.

    MEMBERS:
        'Z' - Yao Morgan
        'X' - Nightshade Crowe
        'C' - Iluz Magenti
        'V' - Xander Crane

        //Former members
        'S' - Johnny Luca (now 'Ethan', weapon-smith)
        'I' - Wayne Crowley
        'B' - Ark Crane