The Holy Sanctums kept the most sacred weapons in the innermost chambers. Purified and well kept,
they are various symbols of The Church itself. Each item is made with luxuriously
polished and well decorated white gold and glows with a faint aqua hue.

They are priceless items with a long chain of history.

Rumored to be created in ancient times in the heavens and gifted to human kind, these items were imbued with
age-old wisdom and used by countless faithful ones to accomplish great miracles in their times.

Sealed within the inner sanctum chambers, they are extremely hard to obtain. It is often rumoured
that the items choose their wielders, only those deemed just are able to wield them. Upon wielding full set,
it radiates a special holy aura capable of healing those near the user, as well as warding off evil.

> SET ITEMS:

1. Armours

    > Angelic Chasuble (Robe, Wizard)

        A feathery light robe skillfully woven in purified white ether-silk by the angels in heavenly
        realms. It's energetic belt bears the insignia of Holy Saint Raymond and shimmers with a faint blue glow.

        It is the Church's symbol of divinity.

    > Angelic Chainmail (Armour, Warrior)

        A high quality armour forged in the heavenly realms with great precision and skill. The magically
        enchanted white plates bears the insignia of Holy Saint Raymond and shimmers with a faint blue glow.

        It is the Church's symbol of divinity.

2. Weapons

    > Holy Excalibur    (Sword, Warrior)

        A legendary weapon of unimaginably destructive power forged in the ethereal realms.
        It's magically enchanted aqua blade emanates holiness and seals all evil.

        It is the Church's symbol of justice.

    > Angelic Sceptre  (Staff, Wizard)

        A long white rod made of luxurious white gold topped with a centuries-old aqua crystal fostered in
        the heavens. It overflows with the power of gods and is able to blast evil with celestial beams.

        It is the Church's symbol of justice.

3. Glove

    > Angelic Gauntlet (Warrior)

    > Angelic Glove    (Wizard)

4. Ring

    > Angelic Ring

5. Necklace

    > Angelic Amulet

6. Accessory

    > Globus Cruciger (latin. Cross-bearing Orb)


> UPON WEARING FULL SET:

Player sprite changes, pulsing effect and a shimmering yellow halo is visible above player's head.
