Medieval Fantasy Game

	#Preface

A Kingdom (Elysia) situated Saya led by King Arthus faces the imminent division as his heirs (Prince Edward and Pegasus)
fought to acquire their fathers position of King. The princes caused the Kingdom of Elysia to be split into two -- Glysia
was ruled by Edward, and Naya was ruled by Pegasus.

The undead legion is a new, uprising force underestimated by the arrogant new ‘kings. These marched from the south, and
hits Glysian kingdom first.

	#Glysia

With low morales, Glaysian king Edward stabilized his control over his people through terror by creating a secret cult of
necromancers dubbed ‘The Enlightened’ to research the undead in hopes of controlling them as a means of battle force against
Nayans. The Glysians underestimated the power and number of the undead and ultimately the research failed. Soon the undeads
plagued the land. Cities fell one after another, men were slaughtered and rotted away on the streets. In a desperate attempt
to control the situation, Edward ordered the formation a group of warriors dubbed ‘The Crusaders’ to slay the undead legion.

As the war rages on, Glysia’s population diminishes dramatically and the army is desperately seeking for soldiers. Our player is
one of the few new recruits at the start.

The players will do basic quests and eventually progressing into harder ones. At level 20, player starts main quest line which
is to destroy the undead legion.

Once player successfully destroys the undead legion… the questline splits

1. To help Glysia win (bullet pointed are major quests):

    a. The Enlightened became a group of mad necromancers driven crazy with power. Player must join ‘The Crusaders’ to kill this cult.
        Once this is the chosen questline, player will not be able to do the other questline.


    b. The king proceeds to praise the player upon the eradication of the cult, and gives orders directly to aid against the war against
        Nayas. At this point player is given hints that Nayans have been assassinating officials (perhpas remove some government officials
        as players do quest to show this).

    c. Player is given a cloak that allows them to sneak into Nayan stronghold to retrieve sensitive and critical information from the enemy.
       Player cannot assassinate king yet due to carefully setup magic barriers, which retrieving these information can be decoded from
       kingdom wizards to negate them.


    c. Assassinate King Pegasus (that involves breaking into Throne Room), this is essential because of the severely severed army after the
       fight against the undead renders the kingdom incapable of a big-scale warfare. A few wizards will join the player but will eventually
       stop at various points to negate barriers and hold off waves of soldiers (or be killed) etc.

        > Hooray, without a chain of command Nayan forces soon plunge into chaos and surrenders into Glysian army. Glysia wins.


2. To destroy Glysia (Naya win): (tweaking/change is needed)

    a. Upon encountering the necromancers from The Enlightened, the player obeys their orders and commands instead of doing Glysian official
       quests.

        The player is required to assassinate a few alchemists and magicians and maybe other legendary creatures from Saya continent, and
        collect gems / other ingredients to create an ‘evil altar’ for undead rituals.

        Once player chooses this quest line, they are not able to do the other.


    b. Player must go to specified locations and setup the summoning grounds.


    c. Player must eradicate ‘The Crusaders’ secretly (steal the stealth cloak?)


    d. Player must kill Micah, a great Magi, to retrieve an arcane gemstone artifact which is capable of powering the altars. At this
       point undeads burst out of the spawning grounds and tear the kingdom inside-out.


    e. Since there are spies working for Glysians in the Naya kingdom, the opposite is true too. A necromancer in The Enlightened is
       actually a wizard spy from Naya, who noted your efforts and offers you to join Nayan forces. Player has no choice but to accept.

    f. With undead infesting the land, the Nayan spy orders you to slay the other necromancers (their attention strayed away in excitement,
       creepy people~).


    g. The summoned undead (unlike the real undead of unknown origin) can be easily killed by destroying their altars which they are created
       from, but is only able to by negating the dark aura it emits through the gemstone that shaped it. Player is on a journey to do so on
       order of the spy necromancer in order to reduce the undead forces once Undeads have fully plagued the entire Glysian kingdom


    > Undead armies march into kings room, defenseless the Glysian kingdom collapses.

    # Naya

Shielded from the majority of the undead army from the south, undead is not a big problem for Nayans in the north. Instead, Nayan king
Pegasus ordered the formation of a secret assassin group known as ‘The Twilight Order’, it’s primary purpose is to assassinate important
Glysian officials, as a method to weaken the Glysian rule. However, the organization was given too much power (unintentionally) due to king
Pegasus becoming more and more dependant on them. As a result, the organization became known inside the Nayan officials to be group of
sinister and mysterious assassins who slays all who opposed the King.

Players who joined this side is a newly recruited soldier. The quests ranges from basic to intermediate, often involving assassination.
At level 20, player receive ‘Twilight Order Quest’ from ‘X’, a mysterious assassin.

Players are required to assassinate Glysian as well as Nayan officials, this is the main quest line at lv 20. Afterwards, the questline
splits…



    # Intro (to be shown upon starting new game as a cutscene animation):

<ELYSIA> 970AD,
Horrors from the royal chambers echoed in the hallway,
The unexplained death of King Arthus led to a series of power struggles between his heirs, prince Edward and Pegasus.

The fragile kingdom fractured under the rising tension between the two prince, Elysia was thus split into Glysia in the south and Naya
in the north.

Masked by greed and corrupted by power, humanity failed to recognize the rise of a third opponent: the undead legion...

<GLYSIA> 977AD,
Overwhelming forces of undead overwhelmed the city gates. With meagre understanding of their magic, language, weaknesses and origins,
their menacing necrotic weapons seek to crush all hope.

Great magis slaughtered one after another...

Great priests slaughtered one after another...

Cities fell one after another...

The land of Glysia gradually consumed by a dark aura...

<NAYA> 978AD,

Knowing the terror that plagues Glysia, they strike.
Bands of wizards, assassins, warriors, rangers marched from the north.
Refuge towns captured, robbed, looted, razed...

The barren barbarians return home with carts packed with resources,
robbed from others...

<GLYSIA> 979AD,

Diminishing strength of the country greatly worries King Edward.
Having known that many have fled to join the Naya, a secretly negotiated peace treaty was ultimately rejected by King Pegasus.


More here? Don’t want the players to read fading text for too long, even with a background music it still could be boring :P


    #Several Important Names:

Peagsus = King of Naya
Edward = King of Glysia

Epsilon = Grand Necromancer of The Enlightened
Eric = Spy necromancer who actually works for Naya
Alexander = Leader of the ‘Crusaders’
‘Z’ = Mysterious (codenamed) leader of The Twilight Order
	Other members include
	X
	C
	V
	S (former)          - See 'Johnny Luca'
	B (former)
	I (former, betray)

if player joins they are able to pick their own codename that is not these.

Lucifer = Archdemon of the Undead Legion (from the Dead Catacombs through the Dimension Gate)

Undead race chain of command (superior to inferior):
	Archdemon -> (3) Grand Demons -> Demons -> Lesser Demons ->
	Liches	-> Zombies/Ghouls -> Skeletons





	All these are merely my ideas and plans, feel free to comment, change / edit!

Player Origins
The player will be able to choose their desired kingdom to join (as a recruiter).
Additionally the player will be given a few skill points to allocate into their character tree. This will play a role in terms of shaping what area of skill they’d like to master.

Skill-tree System (AN IDEA)
The skill tree system is split into 3 separate main masteries. With different skills being in each mastery. The 3 masteries are:
Strength (Specializing in Melee, HP + armour)
Dexterity (Specializing in a mixture of Range/Melee, stealth + speed)
Intelligence (Specializing in ranged, arcane damage, mainly MP + spells)

Since a lot of skills are in each mastery, each of these skills build towards that mastery. It’s not hard to notice that these masteries still reflect the traditional RPG classes: strength equates to warrior, dexterity equates to rogue and intelligence equates to a wizard. Investing all skill points in Strength category will mean that the player is purely built for a warrior melee, but the player could also spend half on strength and half on intelligence, which turns them into a warrior/mage hybrid. However, the sacrifice for this is that the player won’t be as powerful as unlocking higher level skills in a given mastery.

So in a sense, players aren’t confined to a specific class and early game you may see warriors throwing fireballs should players find that to be helpful. However, it’s better to specialize in a specific mastery as you go on as the skills unlocked later will be more useful and powerful.

This means that, players aren’t confined to a specific class and shouldn’t be strictly bound to a role initially.
