Yao Morgan, better known as the infamous 'Z' of The Twilight Order, is a highly talented but ruthless assassin and mage. A master
of hand-to-hand combat, weapon combat and dark arts. His fighting tactics are extremely risky and often unexpected. He has little
interest for the kingdom, let alone for the people. The  knowledge of dark arts forced his soul to slowly decay, as he gradually
resembles a bloodthirsty beast, than an actual human.

From a very young age, Yao is a terrifying existence. At the age of fourteen, he obliterated a group of bandits raiding his village
with just bare hands and nimble movement. Warlock Micah saw great potential in Yao when he travelled to Yao's village for magical research,
and since then took him on his journey as an 'apprentice'.

Growing weary of his master's teachings of justice and philosophy, he was driven by a thirst of knowledge and a desire to master the
dark arts. Years later, Micah realized his mistake in raising a student like him, decided it was time for him to leave and be exiled.
He wasn't killed, which was another mistake that Micah made.

As an exile, Yao ravaged the outlands of the continent, stealing grimories and artifacts through killing innocent lives to pursue
power and knowledge. His addiction to dark arts greatly corrupted him, and eventually turning him ruthless and chaotic. Killing became
addictive, and he became a machine to kill and devour. Because of this, his name became infamous across the Naya Kingdom. His
victims were often left with dagger marks that resemble 'Z'. Because of the significance of his victims in the Kingdom, many
cults and rebellious groups are willing to exchange artifacts, grimories and great wealth in order for him to carry out
assassinations. Some of which he took interest, and did as they asked for, others he did not bother, and slaughtered the requesting party
for enjoyment.

Knowing that Micah sided with the Glysia Kingdom during the split of Elysia, he wanted to return to the settled regions of the
continent. After being caught in an unsuccessful attempt to assassinate Father Jeremiah, a holy priest in the Holy Sanctums,
he was temporarily captured and sealed in the Lost Dimension. Having learnt his name through various incidents, King Pegasus
ordered the release of Yao and eventually prepared a seat for him in The Twilight Order, in exchange for access of the most
darkest of magic and power that Naya could offer.

Years later, Yao returned to seek revenge on Micah. Armed with the legendary Ravenous Claw, he fought one of the greatest fights in
the continent's history. After an exhausting battle, severely wounded, he managed to out-sustain the old Micah and killed him with,
ironically, forbidden magic.

As a member of The Twilight Order, he often disobeyed orders of Kris and slaughter people other than the target for enjoyment. His
ruthlessness was feared by Kris and Pegasus. As war pressures continue and realizing that Kris is not a suited leader for The Order,
he exerted outside pressures to speed Kris' demise. Later he negotiated with King Pegasus to kill Kris, deeming him as someone who
knew too much to be able to live.

Overjoyed by the death of Micah, Pegasus honored him to be the leader of The Twilight Order. Under the leadership of 'Z', he
was able to use the assassins of the group to great effect. The reckless and ruthless nature of Yao spiked many arguments between
assassins within the group. Not tolerating any nonsense, he soon replaced those who oppressed him with the next-generation assassins and
ordered the former to be killed as the 'qualifier test'.

    MAIN QUEST LINE GIVER for Naya Players

    One of the TOP QUEST TARGETS for Glysia Players